Document the usage of OpenTracing JDBC tracer (#3997)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/opentracing-guide.adoc

Hit `CTRL+C` to stop the application.

== Additional tracers

> https://github.com/opentracing-contrib[OpenTracing API Contributions] contains additional tracers that can be used to add tracing to a large variety of technologies/components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/opentracing-contrib[OpenTracing API Contributions project] offers additional tracers that can be used to add tracing to a large variety of technologies/components.
```

> The tracer documented on the following section has been tested with Quarkus and works in both standard and native mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tracers documented in the following section has been tested with Quarkus and works in both standard and native mode.
```
(I would use the plural in the hope we would add more)

Author: I used plurals at first then use singular as there is only one. But I agree to use plural. Maybe I should open a followup issue to test some of the remaining tracers that can be useful ...

=== JDBC Tracer

> The https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/java-jdbc[JDBC tracer] will add a span for each JDBC queries done by your application, to enable it, adds the following dependency to your pom.xml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/java-jdbc[JDBC tracer] will add a span for each JDBC queries done by your application, to enable it, add the following dependency to your pom.xml:
```

[source, xml]
====

>   <dependency>

Reviewer: Indentation is not consistent.

Author: done
